#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Object Oriented Programming Assignment
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Classes Implemented
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Card Classes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Card 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A simple class consisting of basic getter and display methods.
 Similar to an interface
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
NormalCard 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A class extending the Card class, used to represent the basic Numbered cards
 and their colors.
 Methods inherited are overriden in the definition.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
SpecialCard 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A class extending the Card class, used to represent Special cards (Draw
 Two, Draw Four etc.).
 Methods inherited are overriden in the definition.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Player Classes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Player
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This class is used to describe the player.
 It consists of basic attributes, such as pplayer name, player number and
 the player's hand.
 It also consists of methods used to describe a player's turn.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Pile Classes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
DrawPile
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This class is used to manage a stack of Cards that would be presented to
 the Player to draw from.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
DiscardPile
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This class is used to manage a stack of Cards into which a Player would
 discard a Card into.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Utility Classes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Default Classes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Principles of OOP Applied
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Design Pattern Followed
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
